[OADP-1631] Velero CSI plugin now determines whether to restore Volume’s data from snapshots on the restore’s restorePVs setting. (#59780)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-creating-restore-cr.adoc

  - backups.velero.io
  - restores.velero.io
  - resticrepositories.velero.io
  restorePVs: true <3>
----
<1> Name of the `Backup` CR.
<2> Optional. Specify an array of resources to include in the restore process. Resources might be shortcuts (for example, 'po' for 'pods') or fully-qualified. If unspecified, all resources are included.

> <3> restorePVs can be set to `false` in order to turn off backup of `PersistentVolumes`.

Reviewer: It's an optional field.

> <3> restorePVs can be set to `false` in order to turn off backup of `PersistentVolumes`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<3> restorePVs can be set to `false` in order to turn off restore of `PersistentVolumes`.
```
/cc @shubham-pampattiwar

Reviewer 3: Nope, it only specifies whether to restore the PVs from snapshots

Author: @shubham-pampattiwar @kaovilai 
Please explain what I should write for the description.

Reviewer 3: Maybe re-frame to:  `restorePVs` can be set to `false` in order to turn off restore of `PersistentVolumes` from `VolumeSnapshots`.

> <3> Optional: `restorePVs` can be set to `false` in order to turn off restore of `PersistentVolumes` from a `VolumeSnapshot`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<3> Optional: `restorePVs` can be set to `false` in order to turn off restore of `PersistentVolumes` from a `VolumeSnapshot` for CSI, or from native snapshots when VolumeSnapshotLocation is setup.
```

> <3> Optional: `restorePVs` can be set to `false` in order to turn off restore of `PersistentVolumes` from `VolumeSnapshot` of Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots, or from native snapshots when `VolumeSnaphsotLocation` is configured.

Reviewer 4: Typo: `VolumeSnaphsotLocation` -> `VolumeSnapshotLocation`

> <3> Optional: `restorePVs` can be set to `false` in order to turn off restore of `PersistentVolumes` from `VolumeSnapshot` of Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots, or from native snapshots when `VolumeSnaphsotLocation` is configured.

Reviewer 4: Suggestion:

```suggestion
<3> Optional: The `restorePVs` field can be set to `false` in order to turn off restore of `PersistentVolumes` from `VolumeSnapshot` of Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots, or from native snapshots when `VolumeSnaphsotLocation` is configured.
```

(If you implement this change, please avoid clicking "accept suggestion" and instead make this change locally)

> <3> Optional: `restorePVs` can be set to `false` in order to turn off restore of `PersistentVolumes` from `VolumeSnapshot` of Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots, or from native snapshots when `VolumeSnaphsotLocation` is configured.

Reviewer 4: Suggestion: you can probably drop the comma after "snapshots"

> <3> Optional: The `restorePVs` can be set to `false` in order to turn off restore of `PersistentVolumes` from `VolumeSnapshot` of Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots, or from native snapshots when `VolumeSnaphshotLocation` is configured.

Author: @bscott-rh 
In general in the documentation we don't use the expression "field".

> <3> Optional: The `restorePVs` can be set to `false` in order to turn off restore of `PersistentVolumes` from `VolumeSnapshot` of Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots, or from native snapshots when `VolumeSnaphshotLocation` is configured.

Reviewer 5: @CarmiWisemon how about "parameter"? we definitely need a noun after `restorePVs`.

> <3> Optional: The `restorePVs` can be set to `false` in order to turn off restore of `PersistentVolumes` from `VolumeSnapshot` of Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots, or from native snapshots when `VolumeSnaphshotLocation` is configured.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
<3> Optional: Disables restore of `PersistentVolumes` from `VolumeSnapshot` of Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots, or from native snapshots when `VolumeSnaphshotLocation` is configured.
```
What do you think about this phrasing instead?

> <3> Optional: The `restorePVs` can be set to `false` in order to turn off restore of `PersistentVolumes` from `VolumeSnapshot` of Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots, or from native snapshots when `VolumeSnaphshotLocation` is configured.

Author: @bscott-rh 
I don't this is what DEV wanted written.
I'll add the phrase "parameter", as you requested earlier.
